# Fall 2019 Senior Capstone — Assignment 4 (Final Implementation, using MongoDB, Express, Nunjucks, and Node)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
In this last sprint, you and your team will implement the final stage of your project, using Mongo, Express, Nunjucks, and Node.

---

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Repo Ownership
The ownership and collaboration structure implemented for all previous assignments remain in place.

---

## Sprint Planning
Continue to follow all the rules associated with sprint planning that you’ve practiced thus far.

---

## The Rules
* Only create a development track; a production track is not needed. (Assume development *is* production.)
* You may choose Gulp or plain Node to implement your project.
    * If you choose Gulp, then your entire project should be stood up by the command `gulp serve`.
    * If you choose Node, then your entire project should be stood up by the command `npm run dev`.
* You’re encouraged to use Sass, but, if it saves you time, you may write straight CSS.
* You must use Sass variables in Sass or CSS variables in CSS for colors, widths, heights, and font stacks.
    * If you use Sass, place them in a partial called `_variables.scss`.
    * If you use CSS, place them in a file called `variables.css`.
* Passwords must be salted.
* Only submit files required by your project; edit `.gitignore` accordingly.

---

## Extra Credit
1. If, in addition to your development track, you also implement a production track — and all that a production track implies as it pertains to a web application — and the project is GitHub Pages-ready, namely `https://USER.github.io`, then an increase of 1/3rd of a grade will be applied **to your overall final grade**.
2. If you complete the project by Monday, 16 December, at 11:00 AM, and the grade for the final project is A or better, then an increase of 1/3rd of a grade will be applied **to your overall final grade**.
3. If `1` is implemented as part of `2`, then an increase of 1/3rd of a grade will be applied to your final project’s grade before `2` is applied.

---

## 📅 Due Date
**Friday, 20 December 2019, at 11:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

---

## 📝 Grading
| Item                               | Points |
|------------------------------------|:------:|
| *Express routing is logical*       | `25`   |
| *Database is implemented properly* | `25`   |
| *CRUD operations are functional*   | `25`   |
| *Overall quality of code*          | `25`   |
